there's only two points separate these
sites in the leaks or a victory for it
dundee united we would actually put them
above ross county in the table ross
county looking to put pressure on in for
an ex that's a loose pass and by goes
couldn't quite get the power behind the
shot to whip it in past years the ack
flood that one's gone up rather than
clear back in from britain away by
suitor for sproul didn't quite catch it
and by gers two chances in quick
succession we couldn't steal the ball on
target Douglas back to flood miss
control from the Irishman through from
sproul 745 big chance for the German yes
sir cut back
and it's blocked and then cleared by
Brian McLaine
Breton Rocco Quinn talked about the shot
instead out it goes to economy
cross not accurate enough but it was
Stefan ballpark with the chance plead in
behind suitor did enough to get back and
turn him back onto his left foot
douglas's free-kick dealings header
and a brilliant stopped by Michael
freezer to keep it at nil nil well John
Dealey must have thought that he was
going to open the scoring there he's got
three in his last two games that one
loopnet bone thugz once again oh and it
was dealing once more who was after it
just couldn't quite time the jump to get
the header on target
rope on fieger's is in behind Dylan
looks for the byline Tigers dinked
industro
and there's the breakthrough 54 minutes
played Ivan Sproule with a rare header
but so much of this was down to the set
up way by Ian Vegas brilliantly beating
Sean Dillon and delicately crossing to
the back post for a simple finish for
scroll to sick call for Ross County but
he hasn't scored any in his last five
sproul note managed to keep it in
Douglas wundervoll that the foul is
given against the Dundee United left
back Kevin Clancy is over and the red
card is oats for Barry Douglas well he
won the ball but that isn't enough the
follow-through is what has got Barry
Douglas into trouble here and thunder
United will play the last 25 minutes
with 10 men mas County host Celtic next
week
this sprout is away from Rankin the cut
back for x goes well he's had enough
chances as he in Vegas can stretching
white of gall that's found its way to
Ian Vegas looking for space for the
cross turns back inside Lawson has to
stretch and win it very well done by
Paul Lawson Britain on the edge of the
area for what to hit score twice from
the penalty spot at McDiarmid Park last
week he wasn't far away
Connor mu x goes Britain Tigers again
you'd play this from Ross County sproul
and over the top from Richard Brittain
good chance to make it too but Ross
County have done enough in the rain and
Dingwall and they get the three points